chore: document auto retest feature (#14129)
stackrox/stackrox: .github/contributing.md

  draft PR to a regular PR, you can revert it to a draft PR by clicking
  "Convert to draft" under the list of reviewers in the right sidebar of the
  "Conversation" view.

> - Use `auto-retest` label if you want CI to rerun E2E test on failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the `auto-retest` label if you want CI to re-run E2E test on failures.
```

Reviewer: Maybe mention the max number of retries?

Reviewer 2: Moreover, it took me some time to notice that writing `/retest-times 20 sth` on one day and then `/retest-times 20 sth` few days later will not give me 40 reruns, because all comments in the PR are counted and we do not look how many `/retest` comments were posted before and how many after a `/retest-times` comment. It would be cool to write about that too ;)

Author: How about giving a link to the source? I'm afraid that doc could get stale and nobody will remember to update it

Reviewer: +1 to adding a link. Maybe just warn that some caveats might apply w.r.t. how things are calculated.

  If you want to retest given job no matter of it result (e.g. validate for resolving flake)

>   use `/retest-times <number of retests> <job-to-retest>` in addition to `auto-retest` label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  use `/retest-times <number of retests> <job-to-retest>` in addition to the `auto-retest` label.
```

>   use `/retest-times <number of retests> <job-to-retest>`.

Reviewer 2: I have not tracked the code changes in the last 2-3 months, but I remember that `/retest-times` also required the checks to be green to execute the test.

Author: Good point, fixed

>   Note this options only works if github checks are passing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that these options only work if GitHub checks are passing.
```
